THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE PUBLIC
LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM
CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1. DEFINITIONS

"Contribution" means:

a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and
documentation distributed under this Agreement, and

b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:

i) changes to the Program, and

ii) additions to the Program;

where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are
distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from
a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or
anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include
additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software
distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license
agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.

"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.

"Licensed Patents" mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are
necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when
combined with the Program.

"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this
Agreement.

"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement,
including all Contributors.

2. GRANT OF RIGHTS

a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants
Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to
reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and
such derivative works, in source code and object code form.

b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants
Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under
Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise
transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and
object code form.  This patent license shall apply to the combination of the
Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the
Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be
covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any
"~/clojure/dna-to-rna/LICENSE" 214L, 11219C                                                                                                                     1,1           Top
